friends of 1700 torches we are
doing precisely the
Arctic micro cana notice that it is
precisely where we rent let's get it out
totally a gem that prices today is
precisely this phone is true that
I love it enough, look at you as
it is very reminiscent of the goal the sense
of the weight something like being pretty over
everything is known his paper in the office
this in addition to his services dates from
which
extra or large additional are
much more specific uniforms about the
phone but let's keep retiring
precisely the tray now we remove
CNEA is a plastic box one
cardboard card we saw missing
precisely the software
for macs and also precisely
for windows we see here precisely one
little leaf I do on the information
on articulation of solutions 1732
2007 commission regulation
communications where they recommend this
you can always use the
hands or avoid using devices
Stress comments with your vehicle
automotive in the case that the phone is
used by elderly women women
pregnant women and population in a
committed consult your doctor
team staff if you use
some electronic device of use
doctor we make him himself
protected against the waves of
external radio frequency turn off your
telephone in places such as
hospitals health center aircraft
fuel supply stations in
presence of possible stools and
places where explosions are made and
says this prevent third parties from doing
use of your phone to prevent
implementation of devices like
hamas spyware farewells or
hidden identifiers that attempt
against information security
in the same if that information medium in
then use the website of the crt
what is tv point as your users points
dvd points
from colombia and look at you this
aspect is very important because the
phone must be sold in Colombia to
through movistar is that it is
that here exists that third parties make use
your phones to prevent
implantation of devices like
spyware spyware scientist
hidden that threaten security
of information contained in it
very interesting this effort the
Colombian town brother would be
interesting an extra effort here
in venezuela here we see then the
precisely perry manuals that are
here in the hand we also see a
very important identification that we
he says that for us to have a service
biz you have to create a point type
movistar the country game this means
that if venezuela point b in scoring is
argentina punto r which is uruguay the
point if it's colombia and so on
second operation
puntocom pr.com ok
there is also another half here precisely
to connect you use the green of
these software here you go the
recommendations with those contacts
etcetera and what you should do in the case
of the we can comment more two
limited guarantees after three watching
because it comes with two
and here comes something interesting that are
evolution of the device charger
of perry was here
it is precisely the plug here back
place you note this charge quoted
that you already know him as the
saver or charger when connected to
the computer this one or just like
the charge for connectivity port looks
how it looks precisely to synchronize
relationship to each other for that if possible
place with this and this is a charger
it is no longer great this is fulfilling
as always normative rules or insurance
they are interesting is specifically the
new floor
and hearing aids twice we will be more
forward someone where the
packaging, notice that I have a
much more comfortable design and it also comes
in the pack precisely to clean the
positive screen after seeing this year
special for the screen with you
packaging of the new blackberry 9700
telephone mounted